                                      Requirements for Flight Reservation Application 
                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                          
1. To login into the application use agent name “bart” and password “mercury”. All
other agent names &amp; passwords are considered as invalid.

If the agent name or the password is skipped, the error message is displayed.
If invalid agent name or password is entered, the error message is displayed.
The user is re-prompted to re-enter the agent name and password. There are only
4 attempts to enter invalid password. (Please note, there is no limitation for
entering invalid Agent name). 

After the 4th attempt of entering invalid password, the application displays an error “Login Unsuccessful” and quits. The user
should open Login screen again and re-enter Agent name and password.

2. Application’s Main screen is “Flight Reservation”, which will be displayed after
successful login:

3. “Date of Flight” field has the following format: MM/DD/YY.
    The order can be created only for the date which is greater than the current date.
    The current date/time is according to the system date/time. If the date is today or
    the previous date – display an error message upon selecting the city from “Fly
    From”. The month can be from “1” to “12”. If more than “12” – the error message
    appears upon selecting the city from “Fly From”. The day should be from “1” to
    “31”. If more than “31” – the error message appears upon selecting the city from
    “Fly From”. The field “Date of Flight” can not be skipped.

4. The “Fly From” &amp; “Fly To” are selections. If at least one of the fields (“Date of
Flight”, “Fly From”, “Fly To”) are not entered or selected, the button “Flight” is
disabled. The button “Flight” becomes enabled when all three fields prior are
entered or selected.

5.  By pressing the button “Flight” the user brings the “Flights Table”.
    This is a selection. The user should select any flight and press “OK”. All data is
    automatically generated from the selection to the Main screen. This data is not
    editable.
    
6. “Name” field should accept only alphabetic characters. Numeric and special
    characters are invalid input. If invalid input – the “Insert Order” button should be
    disabled. If valid input - the “Insert Order” button should be enabled.

9. The default setting for the “Class” is “Economy”. It is automatically selected
    during the new order creation. The user can switch the setting from “Economy”
    class to “Business” or “First” and the ticket price is changed accordingly.

10. The maximum tickets created for the one order is 10. If more than 10 tickets in 1
     order, display an error message when the “Insert Order” button is pressed. The
      “Tickets” field accepts numeric only. If alphabetic or special characters are
      entered and the “Insert Order” button is pressed, the error message appears.
      During the order creation the default number of tickets is “1”.
    
    
11. When “Insert Order” button is pressed the application displays a progress bar and
    then the final message “Insert Done…”.
